README.md, before:

# 👋 Hey there! I'm David - Web Developer

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=alm0stethical)

---

## What I Do

I build **modern web applications** and create **immersive FiveM servers**! 

I specialize in creating websites that:
- Look stunning with modern UI/UX
- Load blazingly fast
- Provide seamless user experiences
- Are fully type-safe and scalable

---

## My Tech Stack

### **Frontend & Full-Stack**
- **[React](https://react.dev/)** with **[Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)** & **[Vite](https://vite.dev/)**
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)** for type safety
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)** & **[Shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/)** for styling
- **[TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query)** for data fetching
- **[tRPC](https://trpc.io/)** for end-to-end typesafe APIs

### **Backend & Database**
- **[Hono](https://hono.dev/)** - Fast web framework
- **[Bun](https://bun.sh/)** - Modern JavaScript runtime
- **[Better Auth](https://www.better-auth.com/)** - Authentication
- **[Drizzle ORM](https://orm.drizzle.team/)** - Type-safe database toolkit
- **[PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)** & **[Supabase](https://supabase.com/)** - Databases
- **[Resend](https://resend.com/)** - Email delivery & marketing

---

## My Projects

### **Web Applications**
| **Project** | **Tech Stack** | **Live Site** |
|----------------|-------------------|------------------|
| **Airnode** | Next.js + TypeScript | [airnode.nl](https://www.airnode.nl/) |
| **AndroiTweaks** | Next.js + Supabase + TypeScript | [androitweaks.com](https://androitweaks.com/) |
| **Wortkarten** | Next.js + MySQL + TypeScript | [wortkarten.be](https://wortkarten.be/) |
---

## Browser Extensions  
| | **Extension** | **Download** |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| ![Score Improver](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/2-2N-4K953FHiEEDf9Caw_5teqPNkwZlRC7K7ahaT5P4qRaZLIc3izztXDRDhgsz4u6kt5tOg8B6612yY7f03uWNtw=s60) | **Smartschool Score Improver** | [Chrome Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/smartschool-score-improve/conifdhgbdkogpjbmjielkbciclfekif) |
| ![Tweaks](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/cVMw3n8koHMVI3D5MoPvjci3UQvspBqZWkYoqZ-5mmd9pV9Co9r9wlJIJAKdKSA1fSi6_zOwZCQLtwYcYtkd2_n57Q=s60) | **Smartschool Tweaks** | [Chrome Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/smartschool-tweaks/nkapofkpgbkekifieeadkdnfnkbjpkpk) |

---

## Analytics Dashboard

**Website Performance (Last 30 Days)**

<img width="1212" height="104" alt="Website Analytics Dashboard" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d92b22b-7f52-4cad-a0b0-261430b689b2" />

*Analytics updated monthly*


## Current Focus

- Building **type-safe full-stack applications**
- Creating **useful browser extensions**
- Optimizing **web performance** and **user experience**

---

<div align="center">

**⭐ Thanks for visiting my profile! ⭐**

*Feel free to explore my repositories and don't hesitate to reach out!*

</div>

Commit message:

Revise README with new focus and project info

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hey there! I'm David a **Full-stack engineer**
![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=alm0stethical)
## What I Do

I make **websites**!

I specialize in creating websites that:
- Look stunning with modern UI/UX
- Load _very very very_ fast
- Are fully type-safe and scalable; so anyone can work on what I built, and continue maintaining it
---
## My Tech Stack for now 😜
### **Frontend & Full-Stack**
- **[React](https://react.dev/)** with **[Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)** & **[Vite](https://vite.dev/)**
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)** for type safety
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)** & **[Shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/)** for styling
- **[TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query)** for data fetching
- **[tRPC](https://trpc.io/)** for end-to-end typesafe APIs

### **Backend & Database**
- **[Hono](https://hono.dev/)** - Fast web framework
- **[Bun](https://bun.sh/)** - Modern JavaScript runtime
- **[Better Auth](https://www.better-auth.com/)** - Authentication
- **[Drizzle ORM](https://orm.drizzle.team/)** - Type-safe database toolkit
- **[PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)** & **[Supabase](https://supabase.com/)** - Databases
- **[Resend](https://resend.com/)** - Email delivery & marketing

---
## My Projects
### **Web Applications**
| **Project** | **Tech Stack** | **Live Site** |
|----------------|-------------------|------------------|
| **Airnode** | Next.js + TypeScript | [airnode.nl](https://www.airnode.nl/) |
| **AndroiTweaks** | Next.js + Supabase + TypeScript | [androitweaks.com](https://androitweaks.com/) |
| **Wortkarten** | Next.js + MySQL + TypeScript | [wortkarten.be](https://wortkarten.be/) |
| **Studiokabaal** | Next.js + Drizle w/ PostgreSQL + Resend & more | [studiokabaal.be](https://studiokabaal.be/) |
---

## Browser Extensions  
| | **Extension** | **Download** |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| ![Score Improver](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/2-2N-4K953FHiEEDf9Caw_5teqPNkwZlRC7K7ahaT5P4qRaZLIc3izztXDRDhgsz4u6kt5tOg8B6612yY7f03uWNtw=s60) | **Smartschool Score Improver** | [Chrome Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/smartschool-score-improve/conifdhgbdkogpjbmjielkbciclfekif) |
| ![Tweaks](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/cVMw3n8koHMVI3D5MoPvjci3UQvspBqZWkYoqZ-5mmd9pV9Co9r9wlJIJAKdKSA1fSi6_zOwZCQLtwYcYtkd2_n57Q=s60) | **Smartschool Tweaks** | [Chrome Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/smartschool-tweaks/nkapofkpgbkekifieeadkdnfnkbjpkpk) |

---

## Analytics Dashboard

**Website Performance (Last 30 Days)**

<img width="1212" height="104" alt="Website Analytics Dashboard" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d92b22b-7f52-4cad-a0b0-261430b689b2" />

*Analytics updated monthly*
---
<div align="center">

**⭐ Thanks for visiting my profile! ⭐**

*Feel free to explore my repositories and don't hesitate to reach out!*

</div>
